Now before we end this lesson let's do one
more thing. Here I signed in with a user.
But I cannot see the edit and delete buttons
So what's going on here.
Well if we go back to our editor
then open policies
here we match the user id with model user_id.
But if we see our  API response
we don't see the user_id in every single question.
So to fix this issue you have two options.
First you can pull open the question resource and
here and here just add the user underscore id
the second option here in policies dot js we can
replace all user underscore id with user dot
id
So I think both options are equally valid but I prefer to choose the second option.
So here I'll select all user underscore id and change to user id.
So if I save these back to the browser reload
all right now I have the edit button appear
if delete button still disappear
that means the question cannot be removed
because it has one or more answers on it.
All right
that's it for this lesson. In the next one
we'll be tackling the pagination in our front end.
So I'll see you there.